Hey it's Bruno here again.
Hey I've been really impressed with your work lately and I've also heard about this cool thing lately
called typescript.
Our team at Kaikohe Corp. is growing and I think now is a good time to add static type checking into
our codebase to minimize bugs.
What do you think.
I trust you since you know you've done some really good work for us.
I'd like to know your opinion on it.
All right.
Great.
Look forward to seeing your work on it.
Hey P.S. love your outfit today.
You've got such great fashion sense.
All right here's another task for us.
It's like it just never ends.
More and more tasks.
But we like it.
We get to learn right.
In this section we're going to learn all about static typing and what typescript brings to javascript.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.